WIP: first draft Create and publish dotnet quickstart (#2862)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/quickstart/create-and-publish-a-package-using-the-dotnet-cli.md

## Create a class library project

You can use an existing .NET Class Library project for the code you want to package, or create a simple project as follows:

1. Create a folder named *AppLogger*.
1. Open a command prompt and switch to the *AppLogger* folder. All the dotnet CLI commands in this quickstart run on the current folder by default.
1. Enter `dotnet new classlib`, which creates a project with the current folder name.

For more information, see [dotnet new](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-new).

## Add package metadata to the project file

Every NuGet package has a manifest that describes the package's contents and dependencies. In the final package, the manifest is a *.nuspec* file, which uses the NuGet metadata properties you include in the project file.

Open the *.csproj*, *.fproj*, or *.vbproj* project file, and add the following properties inside the existing `<PropertyGroup>` tag. Use your own values for name and company, and replace the package identifier with a unique value.

```xml
<PackageId>Contoso.08.28.22.001.Test</PackageId>
<Version>1.0.0</Version>
<Authors>your_name</Authors>
<Company>your_company</Company>
```

> [!Important]

> > The package identifier must be unique across nuget.org or other host. Publishing makes the package publicly visible, so if you use the example AppLogger library or other test library, use a unique name that includes `Sample` or `Test`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The package identifier must be unique across nuget.org and other package sources. Publishing makes the package publicly visible, so if you use the example AppLogger library or other test library, use a unique name that includes `Sample` or `Test`.
```

The "or" is true only if package consumers don't use multiple package sources. If a package consumer uses multiple package sources, the package ID must be unique across all of them.

> [!Note]
> For packages you build for public consumption, pay special attention to the `PackageTags` property. Tags help others find your package and understand what it does.

## Run the pack command

To build a NuGet package or *.nupkg* file from the project, run the [dotnet pack](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-pack) command, which also builds the project automatically.

```dotnetcli
dotnet pack
```

The output shows the path to the *.nupkg* file:

```output
MSBuild version 17.3.0+92e077650 for .NET
  Determining projects to restore...
  Restored C:\Users\myname\source\repos\AppLogger\AppLogger.csproj (in 64 ms).
  AppLogger -> C:\Users\myname\source\repos\AppLogger\bin\Debug\net6.0\AppLogger.dll
  Successfully created package 'C:\Users\myname\source\repos\AppLogger\bin\Debug\Contoso.08.28.22.001.Test.1.0.0.nupkg'.
  ```

### Automatically generate package on build

To automatically run `dotnet pack` whenever you run `dotnet build`, add the following line to your project file within `<PropertyGroup>`:

```xml
    <GeneratePackageOnBuild>true</GeneratePackageOnBuild>
```

## Publish the package

> Publish your *.nupkg* file to nuget.org by using the [dotnet nuget push](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-nuget-push) command with an API key you get from nuget.org.

Reviewer: the nuget.org FAQ has an entry about test packages: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/nuget-org/nuget-org-faq#is-it-recommended-to-upload-my-test-packages-to-nuget-org

it suggests using int.nugettest.org, rather than nuget.org.  Perhaps the quickstart should follow the same recommendation?

Author: Added a note.
